Once Off Opportunities November 2011 1/2 						
Inbox
X						 
Reply
Fiona Downes fiona@volunteerwicklow.ie via gd3x2womawhyohio.r1his.2jgieaa.d.bnc.salesforce.com to me
show details 8:55 AM (10 hours ago)

27/10/2011

 

Hi Colm

 

 

2011 is the European Year of Volunteering

Celebrate by contributing your time to any of 

the following projects. . . . .  
 
 
 Wicklow Hospice Christmas Shop

 

Wicklow Hospice will be selling specially commissioned christmas decorations & cards in their temporary shop on Main St, Wicklow Town. Sales assistants are required to help out on Saturdays between now and Christmas. Each volunteer will do one shift, morning or afternoon and will work in pairs.
 

 

 

 

 The third annual Focus Ireland ‘Key to a Home Collection’ is fast approaching and we have so far raised €120,000 for people who are homeless in Ireland.
 
This year our target is €150,000 and we are calling for volunteers to join us in various locations around Ireland on Friday 18th, Saturday 19th and Sunday 20th November 2011.
 Volunteers will be working in teams selling Focus Ireland key rings in busy locations in Wicklow over the three days. 
 
 Dublin Simon Community - Volunteers are needed, 4 hours per volunteer, on the 18th, 19th & 20th of November at Kilruddery Gardens in Bray. The are having a Christmas Fair and have kindly offered the Dublin Simon Community all car park takings on the day! 

We would like 3 volunteer car park attendants per shift and the times are as follows: Friday the 18th of November 4pm - 8pm, Saturday the 19th of November and Sunday the 20th of November 10am - 2pm and 2pm - 6pm. 
The Tearooms have offered to provide volunteers with snacks and hot drinks on the day. Duties include directing cars and collecting donations.

 

 

Shuttle Knit is a stand alone business which involves Travellers and settled persons working together to design and produce a comprehensive range of knitted and woven products. They are exhibiting at a number of craft fairs over the next two months and would love some help manning the stands.

Volunteers can help out at either Kilruddery Craft Fair in Bray on Friday evening Saturday & Sunday 18th 19th & 20th November or in Wicklow Gaol on Friday evening Saturday & Sunday 1st 2nd & 3rd weekend in December.

 

 

The Nationwide Santa Bear Appeal is the Central Remedial Clinic's biggest annual fundraising event. The Appeal takes place this year from the 1st to 11th December when we ask people to "BUY a BEAR and SHOW you CARE". 

You can help by selling bears from your home to family friends and neighbours or bring a box of Santa Bear Products to work or organise a raffle in your workplace and encourage colleagues and customers to "Buy a Bear and Show they Care".  You can get together with a few friends and sell bears at your local shopping Centre or Supermarket or ask your local publican or shopkeeper to raffle a Santa Bear.  The Santa Bear Appeal is an important fundraising event for the CRC and the Clinic values all the support it can receive. With hundreds of bears to sell throughout the country, the CRC would welcome people's time and assistance in this valuable cause.

 
Team Hope - Showbox Collectors & Checkers

We are looking for volunteers to help check the Christmas boxes in our warehouses, pack them into cartons and load the cartons onto trucks. We also need volunteers to collect boxes from schools and business. Volunteers commence checking the boxes from 1st to last week in November and typically our warehouses are open Monday to Friday 9.30am to 1pm and 7.30pm to 10pm.
 


 

 

If you have the time please lend a hand, a little help from you can make a HUGE difference! 

 

To volunteer please contact:


 

Fiona @ 0404 25430 (Wicklow)

0402 91519 (Arklow) fiona @volunteerwicklow.ie  

 

Log onto www.volunteerwicklow.ie for all the latest opportunities 

 

Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/volunteerforfun or 

'Like us' on www.Facebook.com 

look for County Wicklow Volunteer Centre  



Time The Best Donation You Can Make



If you no longer wish to receive information about time limited or once off volunteering opportunities please let us know by replying to this email.



